TW-619: improve readme (#847)
linagora/twake-on-matrix: README.md

# Twake
[![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/linagora/twake-on-matrix?label=Contributors
)](
  https://github.com/linagora/twake-on-matrix/graphs/contributors
)
[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/linagora/twake-on-matrix?label=Issues
)](https://github.com/linagora/twake-on-matrix/issues)
[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-green.svg)](docs)
[![Android application](https://img.shields.io/badge/App-Android-blue.svg)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/dev?id=8845244706987756601)
[![Ios application](https://img.shields.io/badge/App-iOS-red.svg)](https://apps.apple.com/gr/developer/linagora/id1110867042)

<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/linagora/twake-on-matrix">
    <img src="https://github.com/linagora/twake-on-matrix/assets/48354990/cda56167-f070-4064-90fb-81be7d20ab27">
  </a>

  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://beta.twake.app/web/#/rooms">View Demo</a>
    •
    <a href="https://github.com/linagora/twake-on-matrix/issues">Report Bug</a>
    •
    <a href="https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/linagora/twake-matrix/#repository">Translate Twake</a>
  </p>
</div>

> Twake is an open source, nonprofit and cute matrix messenger app developed by [Linagora](https://linagora.com). The app is easy to use but secure and decentralized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Twake Chat is an open source, decentralized chat app based on the Matrix protocol. It was developed by [Linagora](https://linagora.com). Twake Chat is a good option for individuals and organizations who are looking for a secure and decentralized chat app. It is also a good choice for developers who want to build their own Matrix-based chat apps.
```
